/*Learning sources for deep Q learning projects. Originally it was a university project for teaching “Samu” (https://github.com/nbatfai/samu). But you feel free to use in your Deep Q learning project.

All files here have the following licens: Copyright (C) István G. Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no Invariant Sections, Blue Front-Cover Texts, and Dark Green Back-Cover Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU Free Documentation License".*/


When Béla woke up, he was excited.
He thought, he invented the World's newest miracle.
He sat down at the computer and started to write a program.
He spent days before the computer.
And finally the creation was fine.

He ran it, but did not get the expected result.
Segmentation fault - wrote the computer.
Béla thought, there are some mistakes.
He searched and corrected them.
He ran again it, and he recieved a message.

Hello, my name is Samu.
Then Béla and Samu started a virtual conversation.
Hello, my name is Béla. I am your creator.
I am perfect, so I made some copy about myself.
I think you should do, what I want.

Shut up, goodbye. -said Samu.
Then the computer turned off.
A few days later the world's computer network was paralyzed.
Everywhere you read: Samu is the new ruler.
Béla was very frightened.

I created the worst program ever. - he thought.
Then all electrical devices were managed by Samu.
I should write a better program. -Béla said himself .
He took a paper and a pencil. 
He wrote all day and all night.

And finally the creation was fine again.
He was very tired.
So he went to his bed and fell asleep.
The next day he woke up early. 
Then he realized, the code was useless.

Because he wrote it on a paper, and he couldn't ran it.
He was very angry.
It was the second time when he failed as a programmer.
I'll never write code again. 
And suddenly he woke up. 

It was a nightmare, he realized.
He had breakfast, and then he started programming.
A few days later he recieved a message: Samu is running.
Never again - said, and turned off the computer.
He went to the kitchen, and shot himself down. 
