/*Learning sources for deep Q learning projects. Originally it was a university project for teaching “Samu” (https://github.com/nbatfai/samu). But you feel free to use in your Deep Q learning project.

All files here have the following licens: Copyright (C) István G. Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no Invariant Sections, Blue Front-Cover Texts, and Dark Green Back-Cover Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU Free Documentation License".*/


Once upon a time, there was a king.
His name was Sándor.
Sándor was tall and strong, so everybody was afraid of him.
One day he became sick.
He was visited by thousands of doctors, but they didn't know what his disease was.

And then suddenly a peasant appeared in the town.
Hello, my name is Józsi - salute to everyone.
Hello Józsi - welcomed.
Our king is very sick. 
Are you proficient in medicine? - they asked.

Maybe. I want to meet the king. - answered.
That's all right. 
When he entered the king's room, he saw the king was in his bed.
What is the problem? - asked.
Emm, my stomach, and my throat hurts.

I'll heal you.
In my country we drink pálinka in such situation.
What is the pálinka? I never heard this word.
The pálinka is a special juice.
You are fortunate, I have a bottle of pálinka now.

I want that. Give me.
It was expensive. What will you give me for it?
What you want? -asked Sándor.
I want a bag of gold.
That's all right. If it helps me, you get your awards.

The king drink from the bottle. 
It burns, poison. Cut off his head. - shouted.
No, no. I did not do anything wrong. - Józsi defended himself.
But, it was in vain, the soldiers took him, and cut off his head.
Meanwhile the king felt better himself, so drink and drink from the bottle. 

10 minutes later, he jump out from his bed.
He danced in the middle of the room. 
He remembered the farmer suddenly.
What have I done? Where can I find more juice?
The next day he realized, if he conquers the world, he could find the source of the pálinka. 

But it is another story.
