/*Learning sources for deep Q learning projects. Originally it was a university project for teaching “Samu” (https://github.com/nbatfai/samu). But you feel free to use in your Deep Q learning project.

All files here have the following licens: Copyright (C) István G. Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no Invariant Sections, Blue Front-Cover Texts, and Dark Green Back-Cover Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU Free Documentation License".*/

Once upon a time, there was a man.
His name was Ákos.
One day a flash stuck into a wood.
The tree fallen, and caught on fire.
Ákos saw, it is good. 

It will be the fire. - he said, and invented the fire.
He decided to bring home the tree and the fire.
First he wanted to pick it up, but the tree was heavy, and the fire was hot.
It will be difficult. - he thought.
Then he wanted to pull the tree, but it did not move.

How could I take it home? - thought.
At this moment another lightning struck another tree.
This tree was standing on a hill.
This tree fell too, by the flash.
But it began to roll down the hill.

Hmm, it's looks easy. 
I try this with my tree. - he said to himself.
And it worked. 
The tree did not stop. 
Just rolled and rolled.

Ákos saw, it is good. 
It will be the wheel. - he said, and invented the wheel.
Later he built a vehicle, with four wheels. 
He delivered everything what he want, easier.
It will be the chariot. - he said, and invented the chariot.

Later he moved the chariot by animals. 
It was the best mode of transport.
Until now, he lived in a cave, but he wanted more.
He build himself a wooden house.
He liked it, and he was happy, because he could do everything what he wanted.

One day, he went hunting. 
When he walked, he met a girl. He fell in love.
But the girl did not sympathize with him. 
He was unhappy, but suddenly he had an idea.
He knocks her out and takes him home.

And he did it.
And he was happy again. 
You will be my wife. - he said to her.
The girl had no choice. 
But the first night she knocked out Ákos, and she escaped.

Ákos was unhappy again. 
At that time, the fruits were rotting.
When he ate a lot's of rotten apple, he was happier.
Ákos saw, it is good. 
It's will be the drunkennes. - he said.

And this was the point when he went the wrong way.
Every day he wanted to be happier.
