/*Learning sources for deep Q learning projects. Originally it was a university project for teaching Samu (https://github.com/nbatfai/samu). Feel free to use in your Deep Q learning project.

All files here have the following licens: Copyright (C) Erik K. Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no Invariant Sections, Blue Front-Cover Texts, and Dark Green Back-Cover Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU Free Documentation License".*/

Little Red was going to her grandmother.
Her grandmother was very ill.
Red was bringing food to her grandmother in her basket.
Red was going trough a forest.
Red saw a wolf approaching her.
Red frightened.
The Wolf stopped in front of her.
The Wolf said: "Greetings Little girl. Please give me something to eat!".
Red said: "Sorry but i can't, this is for my grandma.".
The Wolf replied: "Please, help! I'm starving.".
Red looked at the Wolf.
The Wolf was skinny.
Red thought:"Maybe grandmother can spare a little food."
Red gave a sausage from her basket to the wolf.
The Wolf thanked Red.
The Wolf went away with the sausage.
Red went to grandmothers house.
Red greeted her grandmother.
Her grandmother was lying in her bed.
Her grandmother looked at Red and greeted back.
Red gave her grandmother the basket.
Her grandmother looked in the basket.
Her grandmother yelled at Red:"Is this all you could bring? Wasn't your Grandma worth more than this".
Her grandmother flung the basket at Red.
Red took the basket and ran out crying.
Red was wandering the forest unsure what to do.
Red couldn't go home, her family would've been very angry at her.
Suddenly the Wolf appeared.
The Wolf asked: "What is the problem little girl?"
Red told him.
The Wolf said: "Don't worry about it. There always will be ungrateful people. You did well by helping me. It's my turn to help you."
The Wolf lead Red to his cave and gave her a new home.
And they lived happily after.
